[DataGrid] Allow to programmatically sort unsortable columns (#11512)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-data-grid-v6/migration-data-grid-v6.md

  };
  ```

### Behavioral changes

> - The disabled column specific features like `hiding`, `sorting`, `filtering`, `pinning`, `row grouping`, etc could now be dynamically accessed using `initialState`, specific controlled models, or the API object. See [Read-only sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#read-only-sorting) for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The disabled column specific features like `hiding`, `sorting`, `filtering`, `pinning`, `row grouping`, etc could now be controlled programmatically using `initialState`, respective controlled models, or the [API object](/x/react-data-grid/api-object/). See [Read-only sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#read-only-sorting) for example.
```
